File and interface SVGs are copied unchanged from these pinned projects:

Lucide Icons and Contributors
https://github.com/lucide-icons/lucide
Revision: a04f228cd01185e09c188b7227b9600c08c565ec
License: lucide-LICENSE.txt (ISC and the retained Feather MIT notice).

Simple Icons Contributors and the original language/tool projects
https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons
Revision: 98820a4dc8c363ca72fa2c0d294ea4a0a9bba75d
Project dedication: simple-icons-LICENSE.md (CC0).
Individual artwork retains its listed license, source, and brand guidelines;
see simple-icons-DISCLAIMER.md and each brand record in sources.json.
Git's original logo is by Jason Long. Other original artwork is credited to
the respective projects and authors identified at the recorded source URLs.
License texts and original MIT copyright notices are retained in licenses/;
licenses/sources.json records their download URLs and SHA-256 checksums.

catalog.tsv maps Bed's canonical keys to upstream SVG names. sources.json
records the exact upstream URL, revision, SVG checksum and available brand
metadata for every asset. These records are included in release packages.
The SVG files are unmodified. Bed renders their alpha silhouettes with the
current foreground color. The individual artwork licenses also apply to any
adapted rendering; they do not change the license of the surrounding program.
Sass, Vue and Webpack use Lucide categories because their catalog metadata
specifies noncommercial or custom terms. Vala uses a Lucide category because
the original MIT copyright notice was not available in the imported source.

To reproduce the SVG import, cache the two pinned archives in
target/icon-sources as documented in scripts/import-icons.py, then run:
    python3 scripts/import-icons.py
All downloads occur during maintenance; the application works offline.

Bed's application icons are generated during packaging from the Icon Composer
export assets/bEd-iOS-Default-1024@1x.png in the source repository. The editable
project is assets/bEd.icon, including Assets/bed-svgrepo-com.svg, whose embedded
notice credits SVG Repo. These source assets are not installed. Packages retain
the exported PNG as resources/icons/bed.png and generate macOS standard/Retina
ICNS or Linux hicolor PNG sizes for the application launcher.
